docs(grammar): fix using grammarly (#759)
EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree: Contributing.md

[![Open Source Love](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/v1/open-source.png?v=103)](https://github.com/ellerbrock/open-source-badges/)

- Take a look at the existing [Issues](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree/issues) or [create a new issue](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree/issues/new/choose)!

> - [Fork the Repo](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree/fork). Then, create a branch for any issue that you are working over. Finally, commit your work.

Reviewer: It should be on, not over

Author: ```suggestion
- [Fork the Repo](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree/fork). Then, create a branch for any issue that you are working on. Finally, commit your work.
```

## 💥 Issues

> In discussing changes, you are welcome to [open an issue](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree/issues/new/choose) about what you would like to contribute. Enhancements are always encouraged and appreciated.

Author: ```suggestion
In order to discuss changes, you are welcome to [open an issue](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree/issues/new/choose) about what you would like to contribute. Enhancements are always encouraged and appreciated.
```

> For discussing changes, you are welcome to [open an issue](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree/issues/new/choose) about what you would like to contribute. Enhancements are always encouraged and appreciated.

Reviewer: In order to discuss changes

Author: ```suggestion
In discussing changes, you are welcome to [open an issue](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree/issues/new/choose) about what you would like to contribute. Enhancements are always encouraged and appreciated.
```

> For large/discussable changes, you are welcome to [open an issue](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree/issues/new/choose) about what you would like to contribute. Enhancements are always encouraged and appreciated.

Reviewer: I think major sounds better here

Reviewer: Again, large/discussable really doesn’t sound right here, I’m not sure discussable is even a real word

Author: ```suggestion
For major changes and controversial/opinionated changes, you are welcome to [open an issue](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree/issues/new/choose) about what you would like to contribute. Enhancements are always encouraged and appreciated.
```

Reviewer 2: I think we can probably mention -> 
```
For discussing changes, you are welcome to [open an issue](https://github.com/EddieHubCommunity/LinkFree/issues/new/choose) about what you would like to contribute. Enhancements are always encouraged and appreciated.
```

Reviewer 2: Because regardless, we encourage people to open an issue first.
